Add known limitations for Mastodon (#35987)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mastodon.markdown

For more on how to use notifications in your automations, please see the [getting started with automation page](/getting-started/automation/).

> ## Known limitations
> 
> The integration only allows posting and reading the status of the authenticated account, it also only allows posting to that account. It does not provide functionality to get the stream, favourite, bookmark or boost posts of that account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known limitations

The integration only allows posting and reading the status of the authenticated account and posting to that account. It does not provide functionality to get the stream, favorite, bookmark, or boost posts of that account.
```
